Welcome to advanced deep learning.
You'll be learning about cutting edge deep neural networks with Kelvin Lwin,
the lead Autonomous Vehicle Instructor in NVIDIA.
In this module, we will cover fully convolutional networks,
object detection, semantics segmentation and inference optimizations.
Finally, you'll apply these concepts and techniques to train and supervise
semantic segmentation network and test your result on automotive videos.
The networks and techniques you'll be studying are at
the leading edge of research into deep learning for autonomous driving.
It is so cool to be able to work with Kelvin on this
and we hope you're excited to be at the forefront of Automotive Research.